hello friends today i suggest
your attention to the video to cooking
quick breakfast every day in the evening i
I'm preparing myself a real day breakfast this
breakfast
called kvasha making it
to prescription Anatoly Yefimovich
Alekseev who previously had a transfer
help myself for this i use
what ingredients ingredients flakes 6
cereals cooking time 10 minutes so
further specifically for this i can feast
grain tire
the river and the wheat hall, that is, here they are
will be crossed and mixed up and here further on
uses honey using blueberries in
this case frozen fresh frozen
parsley and dill and filler
yogurt homemade yogurt which i do
also independently in a thermos like
preparing yogurt in a thermos not
special videos I will give below the video
you link and so
then take a glass load there greens
farther
load blueberries take a tablespoon
put here 2 tablespoons of cereal 6
of cereals we take the grinding of tea grains
a spoon
further honey we put down a teaspoon of honey and
further load load shuffle
everything
still add yogurt and here in this
position on the lid itself and
insert until the morning for this time here
it is now the eleventh hour already 2205 that is
here is one o'clock at night in the evening or at night
can be said until morning in the morning somewhere
here is half past seven o'clock i have breakfast
for me a quick breakfast is about it
friends if you liked the article Video
down under the video
Take links to cooking yogurt
home and there you will find a link to
put our class write reviews and
recommend to your friends to visit it
video on there all success to you friends and
health bye bye